[LOVE 020]
EPISODE 1
Luwei Wei Wei, remember to be careful.
Zhen Shui, I will distract him,
as usual, attack him from the back -Okay
Hurry, follow.
Wow, the Almighty Magic Necklace?
Ni Ni, your equipment.
Wow.
I am so lucky today
Th Almighty Magic Necklace?
Luwei Wei Wei
Interested in a duel?
Sure.
There should be a gain from a duel.
Let's use the necklace as the prize.
What do you think?
So you have your eye on the necklace,
however, it's not mine.
Then I'll battle you!
You are one of the top ten players on this sever,
I don't stand a chance against you.
You can have Luwei Wei Wei fight in you place.
If I lose,
I will give you the Almighty Magic ring.
Dare to battle?
Wei Wei?
Okay.
It's settled, see you at 5 at the tavern on the outskirts of Jinling City.
Zhen Shui...
You asked to see me, is something wrong?
Is the enemy lurking around?
Wei Wei...
We have been married for half a year,
and you're still calling me Zhen Shui?
Isn't that a...little too weird?
Um...
If I call you Wu Xiang,
that's even more weird.
-Honey,
the daily quest is 12 three-eye monkeys,
can you kill them for me?
-Honey, you just sit and watch. Let me do it.
-Okay
Wei Wei...
you're studying in Beijing, right?
I am in Beijing too. Do you want to meet?
I'll buy you dinner.
I know a very good Japanese restaurant, it's comparable to Michelin Three Stars in Japan.
That's not necessary.
Let's just have fun in the game.
There's a saying now...
that you don't know whether you are playing with a human or a dog
i just want to make sure...
I want to see how you look like
Could you send me your photo?
Professor Yu's class is great
-Hello...-Hello...
Wei Wei, there's nobody outside, hurry!
What happened? Suddenly the power is out.
The circuit seems to be burnt.
I just cooked  noodles and the circuit is out?
The dorm assistant will be mad at me...
Couldn't you have calculated the amount of current you need before cooking?
Come on, I'm in Computer Science, not Electrical Engineering.
What do I do? My noodles are still in the pot.
What do you mean what do you do?
Give me half of your noodles.
Done
You're awesome
No wonder us CS (Computer Science)  girls can't find our Mr. Right, we do everything ourselves. What do we need guys for?
First of all, I did the electrical work
but that has nothing to do with you not being able to find a boyfriend.
Secondly, my online friend just asked me for a photo and I suddenly disappeared.
He must think that I don't dare to share my photo.
So tell me, how are you gonna compensate me for the damage to my reputation?
Ah, you mean your partner in the game, Zhen Shui Wu Xiang?
Wow Wei Wei!
Hold on. How did you know about that?
Where you peeping at my game while I was playing?
Don't pay attention to the details.
So are you going to give him your photo?
Of course not.
We got married to do quests.
It's weird to share photos.
But it is not nice to go offline like that.
At least I should have given an excuse,
for example, my computer has crashed
and I lost all my photos
no way
Your computer crashed and you lost all your photos?
You are such a jinx...
How could this happen?
Wei Wei...
I forgot to tell you...
when I borrowed your laptop yesterday...
I was careless ...
and I dropped it.
Where are you running off to?! Stop running Come back here!
It's my fault, my fault...
What exactly happened?
Tell me everything!
-Aiya.. -Let's go...
My noodles! I haven't finished my noodles!
you damaged my laptop and you still want your noodles?
no way!
such a nice weather
xiaoling went to meet her boyfriend
sisi went to alumni reunion
yet I have to accompany you to have your laptop fixed
this nice weather is all wasted...
how dare you?!
who damaged my laptop? Let's go!
there are a few movies coming up soon
let's send the laptop for repair
and go for a movie
I won't leave it in the store
I will buy a mother board and replace it myself
it is cheaper and faster that way
and I have to use my laptop tonight
no need to be so rushed...
of course!
a good CS student like me
will not live a day without a computer
human language please!
I have an appointment with somebody to PK tonight
I knew it!
how time flies! We are sophomore already
it is hard to believe that in this university with tons of guys and a few girls
and in the CS department
I haven't found anyone after two years!
it is so pathetic
that's not the reason you picked this university, right?
there was more to it
Tsing University offers the No. 1 engineering course in China
it is my dream school
CS is my dream major
but all these
are just as important as my marriage!
fast! let's go
what's going on?
[ basketball tournament]
[CS vs Biochem]
Xiao Nai the legend is coming back for the basketball game!
that's great!
we can see the legend play again!
CS and biochem
Xiao Nai is the key player
we will for sure see him this time
that's not certain
xiao nai is already a senior
and he rarely comes to the campus now
it is said that the mystic post in BBS
hasn't been updated for a long time
I guess this time they are bluffing again
there is nothing to lose to just go there and take a look
this might be the last chance to see him
that's true
it is heartbreaking
why doesn't he go to graduate school?
what a pity!
we have to go there one hour early to get a seat
weiwei
I didn't know you were into Xiao Nai too
of course, he is the legend
I downloaded all the softwares he posted
If our college is like a game
with rankings
he will be the top for every skill
girl, you are so sophisticated
I only pay attention to the face and the body
I can't understand you genius anyway
who hacked the video of him swmming last time?
I really want to see it
yiran
let's get this one!
nana
we don't know this person
how can I ask him to help?
relax
I know a person from his dorm
so I came up with this idea
we get the RAM first
and then go to ask him to help
I doubt they will not help given it is you
relax
i already sent the goods over
ask him to check it
how much is this?
that's so expensive
you can go ask around, that's the price everywhere
this is really good stuff
how about 450?
no way, it is already the cheapest we can offer
boss, this price
is not that reasonable
the gold glare on this RAM doesn't look right
this is obviously second hand
you give a price for a brand new one
this is unfair
rubbish, what do you know?
this is none of your buniness
well, I am from CS, how much do you think I know?
this store is just in front of my university
yet you are selling at such an unfair price
i am afraid you won't get much business if the students know about it
that's true, this is too much
where is the previous owner?
where did he go?
which previous owner? I have always been the boss here
what's wrong with you two young girls
are you looking for trouble here?
you look so pretty, yet you have a filthy mouth. Shoo...
hey
this RAM usually goes for 200
you can google for it if you don't believe me
the online ones are all fake
of course they are cheap
this girl looks like Bei Weiwei
thank you so much
I believe the boss will not lie to me
and it is reasonable for him to earn some profit
She pretended to be so nice and up-class
for what? for who?
we were trying to help her
now we looked like bad people
I know!
it must be because they recognized you
and she's jealous of you
you know her right? Meng Yiran
she was voted the most pretty girl on campus
oh, that's why she looks familiar
that must be the reason
last year the BBS's beauty
competition between you guys
was really heated
of course she doesn't have good temper with you
it wasn't heated last year
and I won't forget who uploaded my picture online
you already searched my PC and phone last year
it wasn't me!
Besides, I wouldn't upload such a blurry picture
If it were me
I would have posted an up-front, HD picture
from the bathroom
and about the picture of Meng Yiran
do you think it was PS?
and it took a few days to PS
She doesn't look as good in real
if she had posted a non-touched picture
weiwei
I can assure that you wouldn't have lost
I will go to the internet cafe later
and I remember she won last year
she's the champion, and I am the runner up.
so I should be the one who is hostile
why is she hostile towards me?
who knows?
maybe
she is very flat...
go away!
she must be
and I finally know
why you can't find a boyfriend
why?
tell me! i will change at once
because obviously you pay more attention to girls
weiwei, you think I don't dare to beat you up
ok ok, I will stop
take my laptop home for me
you have no place to stand on
you spend all your time with computer
I heard from your dad
you want to start a company?
yes
in which area?
I will start developing two games first
if you win this round
I will give you a gift
weiwei
luwei weiwei
I thought you chickened out
I don't think i am late
whether you are late or not, the outcome will still be the same
get your necklace ready
let's start
it's your turn
thanks
no wonder luwei weiwei is the only top female player on the PK list
this is one way massacre
how does she operate her flying skill so well?
that dodge was amazing
yet she is only No. 6 on the PK list?
who is No. 1?
Is No.1 the legendary Yixiao naihe?
I don't know if I have met him before
this ID is so pretencious
luwei weiwei, let's PK again!
okay, but I am in an internet cafe
I only paid for an hour
let's do a quick one
according to our agreement
you won this game
uncle will give you a gift
this place shall be my gift
don't you want to run a game company?
this place is good for a start up after renovating
uncle
this is your plan
I didn't agree
you don't want my gift?
no
little bastard
that's the spirit
i just feel that there's more sense of satisfaction starting from scratch
besides, I have already found a place
we are both mutants in the family
who like computers
your dad is an archeologist
your mom is a historian
how come you are doing CS
I can tell that you are my type
I don't have lots of time for this internet cafe
If you don't want this place
I will close it first
boss, there's a call for you
okay
what are you doing?
it is almost time to go to your place
I will make a couple of dishes
xiaoling!
stop, what happened?
I don't know how to solve this problem
erxi, can you take my bed sheet back for me?
i am busy
this one and this one
hurry up, it is raining
erxi, can you please bring my bed sheet back
you have the time to bug me, why not go get it yourself
I have my facial mask on
sisi, sisi
somebody is at the door
thank you! weiwei
it is pouring outside
why didn't you take your bed sheet back
weiwei
why are you so late?
why do you ask
the heroin must have been fighting in the game
she even left her laptop with me
I put your laptop back
thank you very much, erxi
oh, today the heroin and I
were trying to do good
and only got ourselves upset
what happened?
it was that Meng yiran
Meng Yiran?
weiwei
when did you get to know Meng Yiran?
how come you didn't mention about it?
I don't know her
I went to the computer store with erxi
and ran into her
the owner was trying to trick her into buying a second hand RAM
I am a CS major
I couldn't just sit and  watch
obviously you helped her
but what did she say?
'Thank you, this lady
But i believe the boss will not lie to me
besides it is fair that he's earning some profit, he is doing a business after all'
what? now she is the nice one, and we are just caring about price
and petty
in the end the boss wouldn't even sell anything to us
weiwei, what will you do to your laptop then?
It is expensive to change motherboard anyway
I have a plan
I will buy a capacitance online
and replace it myself
capacitance?
although I am also a CS major
I always feel that
we are not in the same college
I don't understand at all
same
I am so lonely
where is the stuff I left here this morning?
are you looking for the notebook for the game?
do you know where it is?
here!
thank you my dear
you record
this everyday
and I have no idea what you are writing about
other than study, gaming, and taking notes
you should also do something else
no need, I like it this way
don't underestimate this
maybe I will become a game designer in the future
and I will rely on this
I may be lucky to join FengTeng
and take part in the game design of  the new "pretty ghost story"
erxi
I don't understand you
other people play games to kill time
you play game to plan your career
the brain of a good student
is certainly different from ours
Yiran, I have to write a report
can you wait for me here
I will be ready soon
so the girl yesterday was Bei Weiwei
yes, the runner up in the college beauty contest
the one who lost to you
she is pretty
she is not as good as you
she looks really gaudy
and looks like a pretty vase
if she acts in a TV drama
she must be one of the supporting actresses
she can't compare to you
nana, don't bad mouth people like that
fine fine fine, can't I tell the truth?
she is dfferent from what I expected
she is quite warm-hearted
yiran
don't get tricked by words
she was just showing off her knowledge
and making us look stupid
really?
Yiran
just because you fall in love with a CS student
don't fall in love with all CS students
and assume that all CS students are nice
hey, don't utter nonsense
it is true
a few days ago Cao Guang took a photo of her
getting out of a luxury car
that car costs at least a few million
Bei Weiwei is not as simple as you thought
really?
of course
Speaking of which...
cao guang
can you show Yiran and me
the photo you took of Bei Weiwei
a few days ago?
how did you know?
I was behind you
but you were really fast
it didn't occur to me that I should take a photo
I deleted it
deleted?
are you into her?
you want to cover up for her?
what a joke!
why would I be interested in that kind of girl?
see, did you hear that
the look matches the soul
so don't be fooled
weiwei
zhenyi tech is recruiting summer interns
they want a few CS majors
Shall I apply for you all?
okay, sounds good
we have to find summer intern anyway
apply for Xiaoling and sisi too
okay
done
you really fixed it
if I have hardware issue in the future
I will depend on you
no problem
five cents of technology aid
is at your service
got on to the game immediately
you are addicted!
I have done all my revision
and my housework
this only means
I am very efficient
I am just kidding
you are so full of yourself
actually, I thought gaming was a waste of time before
but after I started playing it
I found that it is a whole new world
there is dream
and there is talent
why can't I work harder?
weiwei
come to three life stone
let's divorce
why?
sorry. don't ask why
I will compensate you with a set of armor
oh there is even palimony
no need, I will be there soon
see you soon
you are here
I am really sorry
that's okay
let's go
Today the moon is still the same
however the love and hate changed
sea becomes field,
weather changes
love is hard to find
[ are you sure you want to break up?][yes][no]
[yes]
drink the water, forget the love
couple will become stangers
the relationship between Luwei weiwei and Zhenshui Wuxiang
has broken
and they will go on separate ways
I still have a quest
I have to leave now
hold on
take this set of armor
you should take it
as my compensation
it's really not necessary
we got married
for the sake of completing the quest
don't feel bad for the divorce
I am going to my daily quest
let's fight the boss together in the future if there's a chance
ok
weiwei
you are still collecting herbs?
what happened
are you asking me what happened?
you got divorced?
yes
I thought something important happened.
why are you so calm?
I heard that he will marry xiaoyu yaoyao soon
xiaoyu yaoyao?
you didn't know?
She was the first in the "dream angel" contest
so called "pretty ghost No.1"
go take a look on the official webpage
don't collect herb anymore
I will take a look now
have you really divorced?
yes, anyway we had gotten married for the sake of quests
don't think too much
I still feel it is quite disappointing
I feel Zhenshui is a good person
I didn't expect to see this happen
but that xiaoyu yaoyao
is really pretty
I heard the original target of Xiaoyu yaoyao
was that guy in the armor ranking list
I didn't expect her to end up with Zhenshui
but a few days ago
I saw them leveling up together
I see
well, it is not entirely his fault
weiwei
actually...
what?
your operation is so good
you're ranked no.6 in the list
and you have never asked guys for armor
and never posted any photo
actually everyone thought you were a "lady boy"
lady boy?!
what?
not showing photo doesn't mean i am a lady boy
I hate this world where only the look matters
weiwei
you are the prettiest girl in CS
if you say this
how can we still live?
I was reading the crucial moment
and imaging myself as the leading girl
and you dragged me back to reality
congratulations to Zhenshui Wuxiang
and Xiaoyu Yaoyao
who are happily married today
he is so capable
true
I really have a good feeling about this couple
yes
they are a lovely couple
marriage made in heaven
make a guess
how much will Zhenshui
give as wedding gift this time?
I only need 888
I can't help but think of Luwei Weiwei
I wonder how she is feeling like right now
luwei weiwei
did you see?
I saw the ex-wife of Zhenshui
standing on the bridge of red sparrow
yes i saw her too
she looked sad
people only see the smiles on the new couple
who will listen to the cry of the abandoned?
wow, it's exciting today
she may be here to take the groom
weiwei
be quick, I want to go to bathroom too
wait
I support weiwei for snatching Zhenshui
Xiaoyu yaoyao is mine
okay, in a minute
you can be a fair lady
there is no need for this
xiaoyu yaoyao is shameless!
xiaoyu yaoyao is shameless
[xiao yu yao yao is shameless 108] player is banned for 24 hours for use of  improper language
what's wrong with that luwei weiwei
she was abandoned
yet she has the cheek to show up
zhenshui
What did you do?
that lady boy must be jealous of yaoyao
and is here to bully her
you have to settle this
yes, you have to settle this
don't blame zhenshui
he didn't want this to happen
I trust him
yaoyao
I will settle this properly
weiwei, hurry up!
I just went to the bathroom
what did I do?
now everyone thought I am here to kidnap the groom
now if I run away
people will definitely think that I am heart broken
what's the matter?
didn't you agree yesterday?
besides, I offered to compensate
you didn't want it
my friend
I am just here to watch the show
it is embarrassing to either stay or leave
Ah!
[ Medicine Sale]
come have a look
new medicine from master herbalist
80% of the trading price
herbal portions~
top level
80%? so cheap
I want it! I want it!
I want it too
give me one of this
I came first, let me have it
I am here first, don't fight
form a queue please
count me in
I want this one and this one
I came first
okay,, all sold out
when will you be putting up a sale again?
it depends on my mood
alright, let's go
luwei weiwei
yixiao naihe
No.1 PKer on this server
legend! idol! rich guy!
yixiao naihe
did you call me?
how did you like this ceremony?
is the legend here to gossip?
it is grand
then do you want
an even grander ceremony?
marry me